Added nixpkgs_go_configure (#107)
tweag/rules_nixpkgs: README.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### nixpkgs_go_configure

**NOTE: this rule resides in `@io_tweag_rules_nixpkgs//nixpkgs:toolchains/go.bzl` to avoid uncessary dependencies on rules_go for those who don't need go toolchain**

For this rule to work `rules_go` must be available for loading before loading of `@io_tweag_rules_nixpkgs//nixpkgs:toolchains/go.bzl`.

Tells bazel to use go sdk from nixpkgs.

> By default rules_go configures go toolchain to be downladed as binaries (which doesn't work on NixOS),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default rules_go configures go toolchain to be downloaded as binaries (which doesn't work on NixOS),
```

there is a way to tell rules_go to look into environment and find local go binary which is not hermetic.
This command allows to setup hermetic go sdk from Nixpkgs, which should be considerate as best practice.

> Note that nix package must provide full go sdk at the root of pacakage istead of in $out/share/go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that nix package must provide full go sdk at the root of the package instead of in $out/share/go
```
